Nice job, taking a crack at building uncertainty estimation model.
I know this is difficult,
so don't feel like you have to understand every single part of it.
So just to review the instructions,
we use the Swiss heart disease dataset that we've been working with.
I asked you to create
an uncertainty estimation model that accounts for epistemic uncertainty as well.
So provide this link to the TensorFlow tutorial that walks you through how to do this.
I just asked you to provide the mean and standard deviation outputs.
So this should be very similar to what we did in the walkthrough.
So I provided you the posterior mean and prior distribution functions.
These are largely functions that you can just use and
plug and play into just one layer of that we had,
and that's is DenseVariational layer,
if you can see that was added here,
and the difference is that instead of having
a dense layer like we had in the walkthrough,
we have a dense variational layer,
which is where we can provide the posterior mean and prior trainable.
At a high level, and I won't go into detail,
but basically what these are is just think about what we
went over with Bayesian probability of having a prior,
and posterior, and having updates.
So that's basically what these functions are doing,
and they're doing this within this layer,
a lot of the hard work is abstracted for you.
Tensorflow probability is working to combine a lot of this information and reduce errors.
But as I mentioned, there's a lot of iterations are continually going,
so a lava documentation might be lacking.
So don't get too frustrated if you don't understand or you can't read
the documentation and find it as accessible as some other frameworks.
So yeah, there you go.
We have built the model.
So definitely there's a lot of work.
This is not a high-performing model.
I only use two features,
and that's mainly because of what I've done in the previous exercise,
just to illustrate this.
You can see that the model is not performing very well,
but I believe this as a challenge to you to better iterate on
this and see how you can improve this model and utilize this.
Also, you can definitely take this model and sample
across it for multiple predictions across that normal distribution.
So here, you can see instead of y-hat, i have y-hats.
Basically, I'm pulling from that normal distribution and getting a bunch of
mean and standard deviation predictions for any given point.
So there is a one prediction,
there could be multiple means predictions.
So this is just an example,
and largely they are very similar,
but in some cases you can see more variation.
This is a nice tool that you can use where you might
have datasets that are highly skewed in a lot of variability,
and you'll be able to determine with greater confidence where the variances,
where is it less certain?
Because it's just as important to know
what information you don't know and what you're less confident in,
as it is to know what you do know.
So one more thing before I wrap up,
now that you have reviewed this,
you can check out other ways to more dynamically account for variation in your dataset,
where you might not know the pattern for
standard deviation in cases where there might be ups and downs in your regression model.
In our case, we just provide a standard scale that goes up linearly.
But you may want to have something that is more dynamic,
and so there's a layer called variational Gaussian process,
which can be a lot more flexible to your needs.
There's still more work at the time of
writing to make this more accessible to most users.
So I didn't want to cover that in detail.
For now that you have built a TensorFlow probability model for epistemic uncertainty,
you have a better idea of how to not only count for known unknowns,
but also unknown unknowns.
This can be helpful for different applications where you might
have wider variance and wider distributions.
Definitely, a lot more work to learn about this framework,
but I'm glad you have the opportunity to learn more
about it through this exercise. Thank you.